PART-A/readme.md, before:

# Dao Book
## Clinic Management Software

Dao Book is a clinic management software made specifically for Chinese medicine practitioners. In its earliest version, it will provide support for herbalists, and in later versions it may integrate functionality for acupuncture and other branches of Chinese medicine. 

<br>

### **Purpose**
Dao Book is to: 

- streamline the consultation process for practitioners
- provide a long-term and affordable solution to storing patient notes and prescription histories
- provide the ability for patients to access their own prescription history 
<br><br>

### **Functionality & Features**


***MVP***

The foundation application will provide the functionality for the practitioner to:
- Create new patient profiles
- Create individual session notes
- Record prescriptions
- View all patients relevant to the practitioner
- View all session notes and prescriptions for all patients relevant to the practitioner

***Further features*** 

To further fulfil the above mentioned purposes, the application will ideally also include the following features:
- Within each session record, the practitioner can select to have an automated email sent to the patient that will include: the presciption, dosage and administration, other lifestyle recommendations. 
- Patients will be able to access their own prescription history through logging into the platform.

<br>

### **Target Audience**

Chinese medicine practitioners who want a streamlined and simplified patient record software that is specified to their industry, who in addition value their patients being able to access their own prescription data. 

<br>


### **Tech Stack**


- MongoDB
- Express.js
- React.js (Vite)
- Node.js
- Express Router
- TailwindCSS
- Json Web Tokens
- Nodemailer






<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

## Planning Methodology

Trello has been chosen as the platform for keeping track of this project. 

The Trello board will utilise five lists in which to group tasks:
- Backlog
- In Dev
- For Review
- Dev Done
- Done

***Trello Flow***

1. Ascertain tasks to be completed, write tasks into the **Backlog** list. 
2. Task is picked from the **Backlog**, and put into **In Dev** once begun.
3. Once task is relatively done, transfer task into **For Review**, where task is reviewed by other team member, which may entail further discourse about the task. 
4. If task needs more work, goes back into **In Dev**. If the *development* aspects of the task are done, but the task still requires other additional work such as documentation etc., the task is moved to **Dev Done**, with an accompanying note indicating what else needs to be done. 
5. Tasks are only moved to the final **Done** list when all aspects of a task are complete. 


<br><br><br>

-------------------
## Trello Images here later
-------------------

Commit message:

fix: tidy up formatting, add user stories to flow

PART-A/readme.md, after:

# Dao Book
## Clinic Management Software

Dao Book is a clinic management software made specifically for Chinese medicine practitioners. In its earliest version, it will provide support for herbalists, and in later versions it may integrate functionality for acupuncture and other branches of Chinese medicine. 

<br>

### **Purpose**

Dao Book exists to: 

- streamline the consultation process for practitioners
- provide a long-term and affordable solution to storing patient notes and prescription histories
- provide the ability for patients to access their own prescription history 

<br>

### **Functionality & Features**

***MVP***

The foundation application will allow the practitioner to:

- Create new patient profiles
- Create individual session notes
- Record prescriptions
- View all patients relevant to the practitioner
- View all session notes and prescriptions for all patients relevant to the practitioner

***Further features*** 

To further fulfil the above mentioned purposes, the application will ideally also include the following features:

- Within each session record, the practitioner can select to have an automated email sent to the patient that will include: the presciption, dosage and administration, other lifestyle recommendations. 
- Patients will be able to access their own prescription history through logging into the platform.

<br>

### **Target Audience**

Chinese medicine practitioners who want a streamlined and simplified patient record software that is specified to their industry, who in addition value their patients being able to access their own prescription data. 

<br>

### **Tech Stack**

- MongoDB
- Express.js
- React.js (Vite)
- Node.js
- Express Router
- TailwindCSS
- Json Web Tokens
- Nodemailer

<br>

## Planning Methodology

Trello has been chosen as the platform for keeping track of this project. 

The Trello board will utilise five lists in which to group tasks:
- Backlog
- In Dev
- For Review
- Dev Done
- Done

***Trello Flow***

1. Ascertain tasks to be completed, write tasks into the **Backlog** list. These tasks will be developed using user stories, which we then break down into discrete tasks that can be completed.
2. Task is picked from the **Backlog**, and put into **In Dev** once begun.
3. Once task is relatively done, transfer task into **For Review**, where task is reviewed by other team member, which may entail further discourse about the task. 
4. If task needs more work, goes back into **In Dev**. If the *development* aspects of the task are done, but the task still requires other additional work such as documentation etc., the task is moved to **Dev Done**, with an accompanying note indicating what else needs to be done. 
5. Tasks are only moved to the final **Done** list when all aspects of a task are complete. 


<br><br><br>

-------------------
## Trello Images here later
-------------------
